# Business Models in Coeus Solutions
According to Mr. Ahsan Naseem (COO of the company), Coeus Solutions is practicing two types of business models .i.e.
1)	Fixed Priced
In fixed priced , client comes with his requirements and we make an agreement with him and if the requirements 
start changing by the customer then these are handled and managed free of cost or these changes are charged.
This model generates greater (because of high risk management) but inconsistent revenue for the company so, 
is less beneficial.

2)	Dedicated Developer/time and material
This business model is practiced in most of the cases where client is not pretty much clear about the requirements 
.i.e. the requirements are not clear or most expectedly they will go for the rapid change. So, in that case we dedicate 
a developer to that client. 
This model generates less (because of low risks) but consistent revenue for the company so, is more beneficial for the company.


Mr. Ahsan Naseem’s Responsibilities
Mr. Ahsan Naseem is COO (Chief Operating Officer) of the company So, His basic responsibilities are
	HR – general operations
	Manage accounts
	Budgeting
         In this role I think business model helps Him. He estimates that whether the budget will fluctuate or will 
         remain consistent (according to the most adopted business model in a particular time span) so, that He 
         could take the precautionary measures before. 
  Set quality standards for the concerned departments .i.e. HR, Accounts .etc
	

History of Coeus Solutions
According to the Information given by Mr. Ahsan Naseem :
Mr. Ali Shaheen, Mr. Ahsan Naseem and their three other mutual friends started freelancing during their graduation in 2003. 
Later from 2006 Mr. Ali Shaheen and Mr. Ahsan Naseem started thinking for the establishment of a proper IT firm. So, the 
firm, Coeus Solutions GmbH, was set up in 2008 in Germany.

Since Coeus offered good and high quality services at very competitive prices, the company quickly became successful in the 
web development field. At start both of the entrepreneurs did every task by their own. But in 2009 they decided to hire more 
employees and to divide the responsibilities among them properly.

Using the success in Germany, Coeus Solutions expanded to France, UK and USA. Project Management offices were set up 
in Sunnyvale. And the Headquarters of the company are in Berlin.
